docs(website): add instructions for installing from WinGet (#520)
orhun/git-cliff: website/docs/installation/windows.md

---
sidebar_position: 8
---

> # Windows

Reviewer: Maybe it would be better to rename this file/title to "WinGet" instead for being more specific, what do you think?

Author: Possibly! Or windows.md, with a section for WinGet, then any other sections in the future? Up to you of course

Author: Thinking about it more, you're right, winget.md would be better!

> On Windows, **git-cliff** can be installed via [WinGet](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/package-manager/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, **git-cliff** can be installed via [WinGet](https://winstall.app/apps/orhun.git-cliff):
```
